[Music]
the nominees for Best Performance by an
actor in a motion picture drama are Jim
Carrey in The Truman Show Stephen Fry
Wilde Tom Hanks Saving Private Ryan Ian
McKellen gods and monsters and Nick
Nolte in affliction and the winner is
Jim Carrey
[Applause]
Gami
this is serious it's gonna be so hard to
talk out of my ass after this
but I'll manage I'll manage oh what a
shocker I mean if you look back at some
of my earlier dramatic work in films
like earth girls are easy and once
bitten you might have seen this coming
but
but I really wasn't expecting it and boy
you know what this means don't you
I'm a shoo-in for the blockbuster award
oh yeah gosh we're always start I'd like
to thank Sherry Lansing and Paramount
Pictures thank you so much for having
faith so much faith in this Josh Scott
Rudin for having wonderful taste and
material Andrew Niccol for creating a
beautiful paranoid prophecy especially
Peter Weir Thank You Peter so much thank
you for allowing me to play Truman
Burbank for seeing more in me than just
funny faces
and I got to tell you that you know the
way you work and your youthful
exuberance your love of storytelling
really inspires everyone in your path
and I hope pray that we get to do it
again sometime soon and I'd like to
thank my business team headed by Jimmy
Miller Eric Gould and Nick Stevens I'd
like to thank my family especially my
beautiful daughter Jane my mother and
father and
[Applause]
and the Academy no I mean
I'm sorry I was thinking of something
else and no thank you very much
Hollywood Foreign Press I will really
love this I'll enjoy it so much right
down to the chewy chocolate Center thank
you